Add min_data_nodes configuration parameter to backend section (#55)
SAP-docs/btp-cloud-logging: docs/configuration-parameters-1830bca.md

Indirectly, this parameter sets the maximum disk size for storing observability data as described in [Service Plans](service-plans-a9d2d1b.md). This parameter has no effect for the *dev* plan. Needs to be between `2` and `10`. Default is `10`.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">

min\_data\_nodes

</td>
<td valign="top">

No

</td>
<td valign="top">

Integer

</td>
<td valign="top">

> Specifies the minimum number of OpenSearch data nodes which are always provisioned regardless of auto-scaling. This parameter allows you to maintain a minimum baseline of data nodes to help mitigate potential ingestion bottlenecks and prescale for anticipated workloads. Needs to be between `2` and `10` and less than or equals to `max_data_nodes`. Default is `2`. This parameter has no effect for the *dev* plan.

Reviewer: Based on how the max_data_nodes parameter is described proposing minor improvements:

```suggestion
Specifies the minimum number of OpenSearch data nodes to remain provisioned, regardless of auto-scaling. This allows for prescaling the minimum disk size for storing observability date as described in [Service Plans](service-plans-a9d2d1b.md). Maintaining a minimum baseline of data nodes can help mitigate potential ingestion bottlenecks. This parameter has no effect for the *dev* plan. Needs to be between `2` and `10` and less than or equals to `max_data_nodes`. Default is `2`.
```
